/Archive 2012, /Archive 2013
(This message is in English, please translate as needed)
Greetings!
Notifications will inform users about new activity that affects them on this wiki in a unified way: for example, this new tool will let you know when you have new talk page messages, edit reverts, mentions or links -- and is designed to augment (rather than replace) the watchlist. The Wikimedia Foundation's editor engagement team developed this tool (code-named 'Echo') earlier this year, to help users contribute more productively to MediaWiki projects.
We're now getting ready to bring Notifications to almost all other Wikimedia sites, and are aiming for a 22 October deployment, as outlined in this release plan. It is important that notifications is translated for all of the languages we serve.
There are three major points of translation needed to be either done or checked:
Please let us know if you have any questions, suggestions or comments about this new tool. For more information, visit this project hub and this help page. Keegan (WMF) (talk) १९:१०, ४ अष्टोबर् २०१३ (UTC)
Maciekbgg
(Apologies for writing in English. Please translate if necessary)
We would like to let you know about Beta Features, a new program from the Wikimedia Foundation that lets you try out new features before they are released for everyone.
Think of it as a digital laboratory where community members can preview upcoming software and give feedback to help improve them. This special preference page lets designers and engineers experiment with new features on a broad scale, but in a way that's not disruptive.
Beta Features is now ready for testing on MediaWiki.org. It will also be released on Wikimedia Commons and MetaWiki this Thursday, 7 November. Based on test results, the plan is to release it on all wikis worldwide on 21 November, 2013.
Here are the first features you can test this week:
Would you like to try out Beta Features now? After you log in on MediaWiki.org, a small 'Beta' link will appear next to your 'Preferences'. Click on it to see features you can test, check the ones you want, then click 'Save'. Learn more on the Beta Features page.
After you've tested Beta Features, please let the developers know what you think on this discussion page -- or report any bugs here on Bugzilla. You're also welcome to join this IRC office hours chat on Friday, 8 November at 18:30 UTC.
Beta Features was developed by the Wikimedia Foundation's Design, Multimedia and VisualEditor teams. Along with other developers, they will be adding new features to this experimental program every few weeks. They are very grateful to all the community members who helped create this project — and look forward to many more productive collaborations in the future.
Enjoy, and don't forget to let developers know what you think! Keegan (WMF) (talk) २०:३४, ५ नवम्बर् २०१३ (UTC)
Hi all,
The Wikimedia legal team invites you to participate in the development of the new Wikimedia trademark policy.
The current trademark policy was introduced in 2009 to protect the Wikimedia marks. We are now updating this policy to better balance permissive use of the marks with the legal requirements for preserving them for the community. The new draft trademark policy is ready for your review here, and we encourage you to discuss it here.
We would appreciate if someone would translate this message into your language so more members of your community can contribute to the conversation.
Thanks,
Yana & Geoff
Hello, As you may have seen, I have archived old discussions as this page is becoming long. I think that an archive once a year is probably OK. See the link at the top. I also added interwiki links to other languages. Regards, Yann (अम्भाषणम्) २३:२०, ५ दशम्बर् २०१३ (UTC)
Hello, I uploaded new scans of Sanskrit works on Commons, and will continue to do so. Regards, Yann (अम्भाषणम्) २३:२०, ५ दशम्बर् २०१३ (UTC)
A big list is available here: Indologica. Yann (अम्भाषणम्) ०८:०७, २२ मई २०१४ (UTC)
Hey everyone :)
As previously announced we have just enabled interwiki links via Wikidata for Wikisource. This means from now on you no longer have to maintain the links in the Wikitext but can maintain them together with the links for Wikipedia, Commons and Wikivoyage on Wikidata. You will still be able to keep them locally though if you want to. Local interwiki links will overwrite the ones from Wikidata. You do not yet have access to the other data on Wikidata like the date of birth of an author. That will come in a future deployment. I will let you know when I have a date for it.
If you have any questions d:Wikidata:Wikisource is a good first step. It also has a list of people familiar with both Wikisource and Wikidata who are able to help you out. That is also a good place for any issues or bugs you encounter.
I'm really excited to welcome you all to Wikidata! I hope it will become a great help for Wikisource.
Cheers Lydia Pintscher (WMDE) via MediaWiki message delivery (अम्भाषणम्) २१:०७, १४ जनुवरि २०१४ (UTC)
I apologize for this message being only in English. Please translate it if needed to help your community.
The Wikimedia Foundation's multimedia team seeks community guidance on a proposal to support the MP4 video format. This digital video standard is used widely around the world to record, edit and watch videos on mobile phones, desktop computers and home video devices. It is also known as H.264/MPEG-4 or AVC.
Supporting the MP4 format would make it much easier for our users to view and contribute video on Wikipedia and Wikimedia projects -- and video files could be offered in dual formats on our sites, so we could continue to support current open formats (WebM and Ogg Theora).
However, MP4 is a patent-encumbered format, and using a proprietary format would be a departure from our current practice of only supporting open formats on our sites -- even though the licenses appear to have acceptable legal terms, with only a small fee required.
We would appreciate your guidance on whether or not to support MP4. Our Request for Comments presents views both in favor and against MP4 support, based on opinions we’ve heard in our discussions with community and team members.
Please join this RfC -- and share your advice.
All users are welcome to participate, whether you are active on Commons, Wikipedia, other Wikimedia project -- or any site that uses content from our free media repository.
You are also welcome to join tomorrow's Office hours chat on IRC, this Thursday, January 16, at 19:00 UTC, if you would like to discuss this project with our team and other community members.
We look forward to a constructive discussion with you, so we can make a more informed decision together on this important topic. Keegan (WMF) (talk) ०६:४७, १६ जनुवरि २०१४ (UTC)
Hey :)
(Sorry for writing in English. I hope someone can translate this for me where necessary.)
Not long ago we enabled language links via Wikidata for Wikisource. This seems to have gone rather smoothly. Thanks to everyone who helped! But as you know this was only the start. What is actually more interesting is access to the data in Wikidata like the date of birth of an author or the year a book was published. We have planned this for February 25th (unless any issues arise). You will then be able to use the data in your articles. I hope this will open up a lot of new opportunities for you.
If you have any questions d:Wikidata:Wikisource is a good place to find help.
Cheers Lydia Pintscher (WMDE) १३:५१, २७ जनुवरि २०१४ (UTC)
On January 21 2014 the MediaWiki extension Universal Language Selector (ULS) was disabled on this wiki. A new preference was added for logged-in users to turn on ULS. This was done to prevent slow loading of pages due to ULS webfonts, a behaviour that had been observed by the Wikimedia Technical Operations team on some wikis.
We are now ready to enable ULS again. The temporary preference to enable ULS will be removed. A new checkbox has been added to the Language Panel to enable/disable font delivery. This will be unchecked by default for this wiki, but can be selected at any time by the users to enable webfonts. This is an interim solution while we improve the feature of webfonts delivery.
You can read the announcement and the development plan for more information. Apologies for writing this message only in English. Thank you. Runa
Hello all,
Please join a discussion about a proposed amendment to the Wikimedia Terms of Use regarding undisclosed paid editing and we encourage you to voice your thoughts there. Please translate this statement if you can, and we welcome you to translate the proposed amendment and introduction. Please see the discussion on Meta Wiki for more information. Thank you! Slaporte (WMF) २२:००, २१ फ़ेब्रुवरि २०१४ (UTC)
Hey folks,
We have just enabled data access to Wikidata for Wikisource (except old-wikisource). This means you can now access data like the date of birth of an author or the ISBN of a book. You can do this in two ways. The first one is a parser function. You can use it like {{#property:capital}} or {{#property:P36}}. The second one is Lua. The documentation for that is at mw:Extension:WikibaseClient/Lua
If you have any questions you will find help at d:Wikidata:Wikisource and its talk page.
I hope you'll use this to do some kick-ass things on Wikisource ;-)
Cheers Lydia Pintscher १९:५४, २५ फ़ेब्रुवरि २०१४ (UTC)
I apologize if this message is not in your language. Please help translate it.
Do you have an idea for a project that could improve your community? Individual Engagement Grants from the Wikimedia Foundation help support individuals and small teams to organize experiments for 6 months. You can get funding to try out your idea for online community organizing, outreach, tool-building, or research to help make Wikisource better. In March, we’re looking for new project proposals.
Examples of past Individual Engagement Grant projects:
Proposals are due by 31 March 2014. There are a number of ways to get involved!
Hope to have your participation,
--Siko Bouterse, Head of Individual Engagement Grants, Wikimedia Foundation १९:४४, २८ फ़ेब्रुवरि २०१४ (UTC)
This week, the typography on Wikimedia sites will be updated for all readers and editors who use the default "Vector" skin. This change will involve new serif fonts for some headings, small tweaks to body content fonts, text size, text color, and spacing between elements. The schedule is:
This change is very similar to the "Typography Update" Beta Feature that has been available on Wikimedia projects since November 2013. After several rounds of testing and with feedback from the community, this Beta Feature will be disabled and successful aspects enabled in the default site appearance. Users who are logged in may still choose to use another skin, or alter their personal CSS, if they prefer a different appearance. Local common CSS styles will also apply as normal, for issues with local styles and scripts that impact all users.
For more information:
-- Steven Walling (Product Manager) on behalf of the Wikimedia Foundation's User Experience Design team
Hi,
A scan of this work is available: अनुक्रमणिका:Bergaigne - Le Bhâminî-Vilasa. Recueil de sentences du Pandit Djagannatha.djvu. Sanskrit text and a French translation. Regards, Yann (अम्भाषणम्) १२:४७, २७ अप्रैल २०१४ (UTC)
Wikimania 2014 will be held in London this August and it will be a great opportunity to discuss how to use the recently created Wikisource Community User Group to coordinate and to better promote Wikisource. We would like to invite the participants of each Wikisource language community to showcase the projects has been working in the past year and, of course, learn from each other experiences. See you there? Sign up in the meeting page.
—The preceding MassMessage was sent by Micru on behalf of the Wikisource Community User Group.--०६:५९, १३ मई २०१४ (UTC)
Hello,
A scan of this play is available here: अनुक्रमणिका:Chézy - La Reconnaissance de Sacountala.djvu. Sanscrit text and French translation. Regards, Yann (अम्भाषणम्) १७:३०, २१ मई २०१४ (UTC)
Hello,
As I am editing here time to time, and there are not many people to clean and patrol, I'd like to get the admin rights. Anyone objecting? I will ask a steward. Regards, Yann (अम्भाषणम्) १९:५०, २१ मई २०१४ (UTC)
Greetings, my apologies for writing in English.
I wanted to let you know that Media Viewer will be released to this wiki in the coming weeks. Media Viewer allows readers of Wikimedia projects to have an enhanced view of files without having to visit the file page, but with more detail than a thumbnail. You can try Media Viewer out now by turning it on in your Beta Features. If you do not enjoy Media Viewer or if it interferes with your work after it is turned on you will be able to disable Media Viewer as well in your preferences. I invite you to share what you think about Media Viewer and how it can be made better in the future.
Thank you for your time. - Keegan (WMF) २१:२९, २३ मई २०१४ (UTC)
--This message was sent using MassMessage. Was there an error? Report it!
Hello! Sorry for writing in English. It was noted that on this wiki upload is not fully functional for users, who will experience a very difficult and/or illegal uploading. In fact, the licenses/copyright tags dropdown is empty, making it hard or impossible to comply with copyright requirements during upload itself.
Presumably, you don't have interest nor energies to have hundreds templates with the now required HTML, even less a local EDP. I propose to have
so that you can avoid local maintenance and all users can have a functioning, easy upload interface in their own language. All registered users can upload on Commons and existing files will not be affected.
All this will get done around 2014-07-03.
Nemo १३:०९, १९ जून २०१४ (UTC)
Greetings— and sorry for writing in English, please translate if it will help your community,
The Wikimedia Foundation's Multimedia team is happy to announce that Media Viewer was just released on this site today.
Media Viewer displays images in larger size when you click on their thumbnails, to provide a better viewing experience. Users can now view images faster and more clearly, without having to jump to separate pages — and its user interface is more intuitive, offering easy access to full-resolution images and information, with links to the file repository for editing. The tool has been tested extensively across all Wikimedia wikis over the past six months as a Beta Feature and has been released to the largest Wikipedias, all language Wikisources, and the English Wikivoyage already.
If you do not like this feature, you can easily turn it off by clicking on "Disable Media Viewer" at the bottom of the screen, pulling up the information panel (or in your your preferences) whether you have an account or not. Learn more in this Media Viewer Help page.
Please let us know if you have any questions or comments about Media Viewer. You are invited to share your feedback in this discussion on MediaWiki.org in any language, to help improve this feature. You are also welcome to take this quick survey in English, en français, o español.
We hope you enjoy Media Viewer. Many thanks to all the community members who helped make it possible. - Fabrice Florin (WMF) (talk) २१:५४, १९ जून २०१४ (UTC)
--This message was sent using MassMessage. Was there an error? Report it!
The Wikimedia Foundation recently created a new feature, "superprotect" status. The purpose is to prevent pages from being edited by elected administrators -- but permitting WMF staff to edit them. It has been put to use in only one case: to protect the deployment of the Media Viewer software on German Wikipedia, in defiance of a clear decision of that community to disable the feature by default, unless users decide to enable it.
If you oppose these actions, please add your name to this letter. If you know non-Wikimedians who support our vision for the free sharing of knowledge, and would like to add their names to the list, please ask them to sign an identical version of the letter on change.org.
-- JurgenNL (talk) १७:३५, २१ अगस्त २०१४ (UTC)
’’My apologies for writing in English.’’
Hello,
I am notifying you that a brainstorming session has been started on Meta to help the Wikimedia Foundation increase and better affect community participation in software development across all wiki projects. Basically, how can you be more involved in helping to create features on Wikimedia projects? We are inviting all interested users to voice their ideas on how communities can be more involved and informed in the product development process at the Wikimedia Foundation. It would be very appreciated if you could translate this message to help inform your local communities as well.
I and the rest of my team welcome you to participate. We hope to see you on Meta.
Kind regards, -- Rdicerb (WMF) talk २२:१५, २१ अगस्त २०१४ (UTC)
--This message was sent using MassMessage. Was there an error? Report it!
Greetings! The Individual Engagement Grants program is accepting proposals for funding new experiments from September 1st to 30th. Your idea could improve Wikimedia projects with a new tool or gadget, a better process to support community-building on your wiki, research on an important issue, or something else we haven't thought of yet. Whether you need $200 or $30,000 USD, Individual Engagement Grants can cover your own project development time in addition to hiring others to help you.
प्रिय! संस्कृतविकिसम्पादकाः,
शास्त्रमन्थनम् इति नामधेयः अभूतपूर्वः प्रकल्पः परिकल्प्यते अस्माभिः। शास्त्रसम्बद्धानां गहनविषयाणां रहस्योद्धारनिमित्तं प्रस्तूयते इयं लघ्वी प्रचेष्टा । प्रकल्पेऽस्मिन् विविधसंस्कृतविश्वविद्यालयेषु शोधसंस्थासु च लेखरूपेण सञ्चितानि शोधपत्राणि संगृह्यन्ते विकिस्रोतसि । कृतभूरिपरिश्रमैः शोधकर्तृभिः गवेषिताः शास्त्रविषयाः विश्वव्याप्ताः भवन्ति अनेन प्रकल्पेन । षाण्मासिकी भवति अस्य प्रकल्पस्य समयव्याप्तिः । त्रिभिः योजकैः आवेद्यमानेऽस्मिन् प्रकल्पे प्रायः त्रिसहस्रं(३,०००) शोधपत्राणां सन्निवेशः विकिस्रोतसि लक्ष्यरूपेण स्वीकृतः । पूर्णाङ्गविवरणाय अवलोक्यताम् - शास्त्रमन्थनप्रकल्पः ।
शास्त्रमन्थनप्रकल्पस्य प्रस्तावकाः सन्ति-
प्रकल्पस्य स्वमतं ज्ञापयन्तु इति सम्पादकान् प्रति विनम्रनिवेदनम् ।
समर्थनम्- संस्कृताभिमानिनः संस्कृतज्ञाः च ज्ञानसम्पादनं कर्तुम् एतत् उत्तमं योजनमस्ति । संस्कृतविद्यार्थिनः अनेन प्रेरिताः भवेयुः । देववाण्यां इतोsप्यधिकं शोधकार्यं प्रचलेत्, सर्वेषां ज्ञानवृद्धिः कुर्यात् । शुभमस्तु । - Chandana ११:३०, ३० सितम्बर् २०१४ (UTC)
समर्थनम् अभिरामः ०७:०४, २७ सितम्बर २०१४ (UTC) अत्यमूल्ययोगदानानि भविष्यति | शुभं भवतु |
समर्थनम्This is a great project. More of Samskrit documents will be easily accessible worldwide. I support this. Mahalakshmi Prasanna (सम्भाषणम्) १४:३२, २८ सितम्बर २०१४ (UTC)
समर्थनम्- एतद् कार्यं बहु उपयोगाय भवति । एतानि शोधपत्राणि पठित्वा सामान्याः योजकाः अपि उत्तमान् लेखान् रचयितुम् अर्हन्ति । - Premaskanth13 (सम्भाषणम्) १२:१३, २९ सितम्बर २०१४ (UTC)
समर्थनम्-I fully support this project. The proposed Project aims at bringing the original scriptures in to the realm of knowledge of a common reader interested in Sanskrit. This is an excellent idea to promote the unique Indian Culture and make it available to the whole world. Further this would help any person inclined to contribute articles to sa. Wikipedia - Narayanan V T (चर्चा) १२:२७, २९ सितम्बर २०१४ (UTC)
समर्थनम्-This is a great project that helps readers to access original scripts.-Shridhar V Hegde (सम्भाषणम्) १२:४३, २९ सितम्बर २०१४ (UTC)
समर्थनम् एतत् बहु उत्तमं कार्यं अस्ति | अन्य सङ्ग्रहण कार्ये एतत् मार्गसूचि भविश्यति | अतः मम समर्थनम् अस्ति | शुभमस्तु | राम राम |--Sandeep V Kulkarni (सम्भाषणम्) १५:२४, २९ सितम्बर २०१४ (UTC)
समर्थनम् - बहुषु विश्वविद्यालयेषु छात्रैः विविधानि शास्त्राणि अधीत्य संस्कृतभाषया लिखितानां शोधपत्राणां विकिस्रोतसि स्थापनं नाम अत्युत्तमः कश्चन प्रकल्पः इति मम अभिप्रायः । अधुना शास्त्रज्ञानार्जनेच्छुकानां विद्यार्थिनां बोद्धारः विरलाः । स्वयं शास्त्रग्रन्थान् आलोड्य तत्र स्थितान् विषयान् अवगन्तुं ज्ञानशक्तिह्रासः एतेषाम् । अपि च आधुनिकविद्याभ्यासरतानाम् एतेषां समयश्च अल्पः । एवं सति गणकयन्त्रयुगे अस्मिन् यदि शास्त्रविषयकाः प्रमाणभूताः लेखाः यदि सर्वैः उपलब्धुं शक्याः नूनम् अभिनन्दनार्होऽयं प्रयासः । - Pankaja Rajagopal (सम्भाषणम्) ०४:१२, ३० सितम्बर २०१४ (UTC)
समर्थनम् One of the long awaited and an important initiative. I totally support this and am eager to see the outcome too. SumanaKoundinya (सम्भाषणम्) ०३:३४, २ अक्तूबर २०१४ (UTC)
There are currently requests for comment open on meta to create two new global groups. The first is a group for members of the OTRS permissions queue, which would grant them autopatrolled rights on all wikis except those who opt-out. That proposal can be found at m:Requests for comment/Creation of a global OTRS-permissions user group. The second is a group for Wikimedia Commons admins and OTRS agents to view deleted file pages through the 'viewdeletedfile' right on all wikis except those who opt-out. The second proposal can be found at m:Requests for comment/Global file deletion review.
We would like to hear what you think on both proposals. Both are in English; if you wanted to translate them into your native language that would also be appreciated.
It is possible for individual projects to opt-out, so that users in those groups do not have any additional rights on those projects. To do this please start a local discussion, and if there is consensus you can request to opt-out of either or both at m:Stewards' noticeboard.
AbuseFilter is a MediaWiki extension used to detect likely abusive behavior patterns, like pattern vandalism and spam. In 2013, Global AbuseFilters were enabled on a limited set of wikis including Meta-Wiki, MediaWiki.org, Wikispecies and (in early 2014) all the "small wikis". Recently, global abuse filters were enabled on "medium sized wikis" as well. These filters are currently managed by stewards on Meta-Wiki and have shown to be very effective in preventing mass spam attacks across Wikimedia projects. However, there is currently no policy on how the global AbuseFilters will be managed although there are proposals. There is an ongoing request for comment on policy governing the use of the global AbuseFilters. In the meantime, specific wikis can opt out of using the global AbuseFilter. These wikis can simply add a request to this list on Meta-Wiki. More details can be found on this page at Meta-Wiki. If you have any questions, feel free to ask on m:Talk:Global AbuseFilter.
Thanks,
— १७:३६, १४ नवम्बर २०१४ (UTC)
Hi, this message is to let you know that, on domains like sa.m.wikipedia.org, unregistered users cannot edit. At the Wikimedia Forum, where global configuration changes are normally discussed, a few dozens users propose to restore normal editing permissions on all mobile sites. Please read and comment!
Thanks and sorry for writing in English, Nemo २२:३३, १ मार्च २०१५ (UTC)
This March, we’re organizing an Inspire Campaign to encourage and support new ideas for improving gender diversity on Wikimedia projects. Less than 20% of Wikimedia contributors are women, and many important topics are still missing in our content. We invite all Wikimedians to participate. If you have an idea that could help address this problem, please get involved today! The campaign runs until March 31.
All proposals are welcome - research projects, technical solutions, community organizing and outreach initiatives, or something completely new! Funding is available from the Wikimedia Foundation for projects that need financial support. Constructive, positive feedback on ideas is appreciated, and collaboration is encouraged - your skills and experience may help bring someone else’s project to life. Join us at the Inspire Campaign and help this project better represent the world’s knowledge!
(Sorry for the English - please translate this message!) MediaWiki message delivery (सम्भाषणम्) २०:०१, ४ मार्च २०१५ (UTC)
Hi all,apologies for writing in English, please read this page for important information and an update involving SUL finalization, scheduled to take place in one month. Thanks. Keegan (WMF) (talk) १९:४६, १३ मार्च २०१५ (UTC)
संस्कृतविकिपुटस्य सम्पर्कम् अन्यजालपुटेषु दानावसरे अत्यन्तं दीर्घं सार्वत्रिकविभवसङ्केतं (URL) प्राप्नुमः यश्च बहुधा क्लेशं जनयति । अस्याः समस्यायाः निवारणाय तान्त्रिकसाहाय्यं प्रार्थितमस्ति येन हिन्दीभाषापुटेषु शिरोनाम्नः अधः यः लघुः सङ्केतः दृश्यते तादृशः सङ्केतः प्राप्यते । विकिस्रोतसः जालपुटे इदं सौलभ्यं प्राप्तव्यमस्ति । तन्निमित्तं भवतां समर्थनम् अत्र सूचयन्तु ।
It has been proposed to provide short url facility(replacing the tawp.in shorturl external installation) on Samskrit wikisource project. Find below the consensus of Community.--Sayant Mahato (सम्भाषणम्) ०४:२०, ३ अप्रैल २०१५ (UTC) --Sayant Mahato (सम्भाषणम्) ०४:१७, ३ अप्रैल २०१५ (UTC)
Hello, I made a proposal on Meta to change the rules for the steward confirmations. Currently consensus to remove is required for a steward to lose his status, however I think it's fairer to the community if every steward needed the consensus to keep. As this is an issue that affects all WMF wikis, I'm sending this notification to let people know & be able to participate. Best regards, --MF-W १६:१२, १० अप्रैल २०१५ (UTC)
This is a message from the 2015 Wikimedia Foundation Elections Committee. Translations are available.
Greetings,
I am pleased to announce that nominations are now being accepted for the 2015 Wikimedia Foundation Elections. This year the Board and the FDC Staff are looking for a diverse set of candidates from regions and projects that are traditionally under-represented on the board and in the movement as well as candidates with experience in technology, product or finance. To this end they have published letters describing what they think is needed and, recognizing that those who know the community the best are the community themselves, the election committee is accepting nominations for community members you think should run and will reach out to those nominated to provide them with information about the job and the election process.
This year, elections are being held for the following roles:
Board of Trustees
The Board of Trustees is the decision-making body that is ultimately responsible for the long term sustainability of the Foundation, so we value wide input into its selection. There are three positions being filled. More information about this role can be found at the board elections page.
Funds Dissemination Committee (FDC)
The Funds Dissemination Committee (FDC) makes recommendations about how to allocate Wikimedia movement funds to eligible entities. There are five positions being filled. More information about this role can be found at the FDC elections page.
Funds Dissemination Committee (FDC) Ombud
The FDC Ombud receives complaints and feedback about the FDC process, investigates complaints at the request of the Board of Trustees, and summarizes the investigations and feedback for the Board of Trustees on an annual basis. One position is being filled. More information about this role can be found at the FDC Ombudsperson elections page.
The candidacy submission phase lasts from 00:00 UTC April 20 to 23:59 UTC May 5 for the Board and from 00:00 UTCApril 20 to 23:59 UTC April 30 for the FDC and FDC Ombudsperson. This year, we are accepting both self-nominations and nominations of others. More information on this election and the nomination process can be found on the 2015 Wikimedia elections page on Meta-Wiki.
Please feel free to post a note about the election on your project's village pump. Any questions related to the election can be posted on the talk page on Meta, or sent to the election committee's mailing list, board-elections -at- wikimedia.org
On behalf of the Elections Committee,
-Gregory Varnum (User:Varnent)
Coordinator, 2015 Wikimedia Foundation Elections Committee
Posted by the MediaWiki message delivery on behalf of the 2015 Wikimedia Foundation Elections Committee, 05:03, 21 April 2015 (UTC) • Translate • Get help
This is a message from the 2015 Wikimedia Foundation Elections Committee. Translations are available.
Voting has begun for eligible voters in the 2015 elections for the Funds Dissemination Committee (FDC) and FDC Ombudsperson. Questions and discussion with the candidates for the Funds Dissemination Committee (FDC) and FDC Ombudsperson will continue during the voting. Nominations for the Board of Trustees will be accepted until 23:59 UTC May 5.
The Funds Dissemination Committee (FDC) makes recommendations about how to allocate Wikimedia movement funds to eligible entities. There are five positions on the committee being filled.
The FDC Ombudsperson receives complaints and feedback about the FDC process, investigates complaints at the request of the Board of Trustees, and summarizes the investigations and feedback for the Board of Trustees on an annual basis. One position is being filled.
The voting phase lasts from 00:00 UTC May 3 to 23:59 UTC May 10. Click here to vote. Questions and discussion with the candidates will continue during that time. Click here to ask the FDC candidates a question. Click here to ask the FDC Ombudsperson candidates a question. More information on the candidates and the elections can be found on the 2015 FDC election page, the 2015 FDC Ombudsperson election page, and the 2015 Board election page on Meta-Wiki.
On behalf of the Elections Committee,
-Gregory Varnum (User:Varnent)
Volunteer Coordinator, 2015 Wikimedia Foundation Elections Committee
Posted by the MediaWiki message delivery 03:45, 4 May 2015 (UTC) • Translate • Get help
(Sorry for writing in English)
When using data from Wikidata on Wikipedia and other sister projects, there is currently a limitation in place that hinders some use cases: data can only be accessed from the corresponding item. So, for example, the Wikipedia article about Berlin can only get data from the Wikidata item about Berlin but not from the item about Germany. This had technical reasons. We are now removing this limitation. It is already done for French Wikisource and Dutch Wikipedia. Your project is one of the next ones:
We hope to have it rolled out nearly everywhere by the end of June 2015.
We invite you to play around with this new feature if you are one of the people who have been waiting for this for a long time. If you have technical issues/questions with this you can come to d:Wikidata:Contact the development team.
A note of caution: Please be careful with how many items you use for a single page. If it is too many pages, loading might get slow. We will have to see how the feature behaves in production to see where we need to tweak and how.
How to use it, once it is enabled:
Cheers Lydia Pintscher १५:१९, १३ मई २०१५ (UTC)
This is a message from the 2015 Wikimedia Foundation Elections Committee. Translations are available.
Voting has begun for eligible voters in the 2015 elections for the Wikimedia Foundation Board of Trustees. Questions and discussion with the candidates for the Board will continue during the voting.
The Wikimedia Foundation Board of Trustees is the ultimate governing authority of the Wikimedia Foundation, a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization registered in the United States. The Wikimedia Foundation manages many diverse projects such as Wikipedia and Commons.
The voting phase lasts from 00:00 UTC May 17 to 23:59 UTC May 31. Click here to vote. More information on the candidates and the elections can be found on the 2015 Board election page on Meta-Wiki.
On behalf of the Elections Committee,
-Gregory Varnum (User:Varnent)
Volunteer Coordinator, 2015 Wikimedia Foundation Elections Committee
Posted by the MediaWiki message delivery 17:20, 17 May 2015 (UTC) • Translate • Get help
(Sorry for writing in English.)
I have previously announced the arbitrary access feature here. It is now enabled for you.
More background information: When using data from Wikidata on most Wikipedias and other sister projects, there is currently a limitation in place that hinders some use cases: data can only be accessed from the corresponding item. So, for example, the Wikipedia article about Berlin can only get data from the Wikidata item about Berlin but not from the item about Germany. This has technical reasons. This limitation has now been removed for your project.
We invite you to play around with this new feature if you are one of the people who have been waiting for this for a long time. If you have technical issues/questions with this you can come to Wikidata:Contact the development team.
How to use it:
I hope you'll make great things with this and that it will make your work on this project easier.
Cheers Lydia Pintscher (WMDE) १४:१०, १ जून २०१५ (UTC)
Sorry for English, I hope someone translates this.
Pywikibot (then "Pywikipediabot") was started back in 2002. In 2007 a new branch (formerly known as "rewrite", now called "core") was started from scratch using the MediaWiki API. The developers of Pywikibot have decided to stop supporting the compat version of Pywikibot due to bad performance and architectural errors that make it hard to update, compared to core. If you are using pywikibot compat it is likely your code will break due to upcoming MediaWiki API changes (e.g. T101524). It is highly recommended you migrate to the core framework. There is a migration guide, and please contact us if you have any problem.
There is an upcoming MediaWiki API breaking change that compat will not be updated for. If your bot's name is in this list, your bot will most likely break.
Thank you,
The Pywikibot development team, 19:30, 5 June 2015 (UTC)
Sorry for English, I hope someone translates this.
Pywikibot (then "Pywikipediabot") was started back in 2002. In 2007 a new branch (formerly known as "rewrite", now called "core") was started from scratch using the MediaWiki API. The developers of Pywikibot have decided to stop supporting the compat version of Pywikibot due to bad performance and architectural errors that make it hard to update, compared to core. If you are using pywikibot compat it is likely your code will break due to upcoming MediaWiki API changes (e.g. T101524). It is highly recommended you migrate to the core framework. There is a migration guide, and please contact us if you have any problem.
There is an upcoming MediaWiki API breaking change that compat will not be updated for. If your bot's name is in this list, your bot will most likely break.
Thank you,
The Pywikibot development team, 19:30, 5 June 2015 (UTC)
नमस्ते सर्वेभ्यः ! संस्कृतविकिपीडिया, संस्कृतस्रोतः इत्यादिषु प्रकल्पेषु नामाकाशानां दोषाः सन्ति । तेषां परिवर्तने मया अत्र मत्कुणः (Bug) स्थापितः अस्ति । अत्र कृपया स्वमतं दत्त्वा कार्यस्यास्य समर्थनं करोतु इति निवेदनम् । अस्तु । ॐNehalDaveND•✉•✎ ०५:५८, ८ जून २०१५ (UTC)
Apologies for writing in English.
Hi everyone.
Over the last few years, the Wikimedia Foundation has been working towards enabling HTTPS by default for all users, including unregistered ones, for better privacy and security for both readers and editors. This has taken a long time, as there were different aspects to take into account. Our servers haven't been ready to handle it. The Wikimedia Foundation has had to balance sometimes conflicting goals.
Forced HTTPS has just been implemented on all Wikimedia projects. Some of you might already be aware of this, as a few Wikipedia language versions were converted to HTTPS last week and the then affected communities were notified.
Most of Wikimedia editors shouldn't be affected at all. If you edit as registered user, you've probably already had to log in through HTTPS. We'll keep an eye on this to make sure everything is working as it should. Do get in touch with us if you have any problems after this change or contact me if you have any other questions.
/Johan (WMF)
२२:००, १९ जून २०१५ (UTC)
Apologies for writing in English.
Hi everyone.
Over the last few years, the Wikimedia Foundation has been working towards enabling HTTPS by default for all users, including unregistered ones, for better privacy and security for both readers and editors. This has taken a long time, as there were different aspects to take into account. Our servers haven't been ready to handle it. The Wikimedia Foundation has had to balance sometimes conflicting goals.
Forced HTTPS has just been implemented on all Wikimedia projects. Some of you might already be aware of this, as a few Wikipedia language versions were converted to HTTPS last week and the then affected communities were notified.
Most of Wikimedia editors shouldn't be affected at all. If you edit as registered user, you've probably already had to log in through HTTPS. We'll keep an eye on this to make sure everything is working as it should. Do get in touch with us if you have any problems after this change or contact me if you have any other questions.
/Johan (WMF)
०२:२१, २० जून २०१५ (UTC)
There is a proposal at the Commons Village Pump requesting feedback about the thumbnails of static GIF images: It states that static GIF files should have their thumbnails created in PNG. The advantages of PNG over GIF would be visible especially with GIF images using an alpha channel. (compare the thumbnails on the side)
This change would affect all wikis, so if you support/oppose or want to give general feedback/concerns, please post them to the proposal page. Thank you. --McZusatz (talk) & MediaWiki message delivery (सम्भाषणम्) ०५:०७, २४ जुलाई २०१५ (UTC)
There is a proposal at the Commons Village Pump requesting feedback about the thumbnails of static GIF images: It states that static GIF files should have their thumbnails created in PNG. The advantages of PNG over GIF would be visible especially with GIF images using an alpha channel. (compare the thumbnails on the side)
This change would affect all wikis, so if you support/oppose or want to give general feedback/concerns, please post them to the proposal page. Thank you. --McZusatz (talk) & MediaWiki message delivery (सम्भाषणम्) ०७:०४, २४ जुलाई २०१५ (UTC)
Hi,
The Community Engagement department at the Wikimedia Foundation has launched a new learning campaign. The WMF wants to record community impressions about what makes a healthy online community. Share your views and/or create a drawing and take a chance to win a Wikimania 2016 scholarship! Join the WMF as we begin a conversation about Community Health. Contribute a drawing or answer the questions on the campaign's page.
The world is changing. The way we relate to knowledge is transforming. As the next billion people come online, the Wikimedia movement is working to bring more users on the wiki projects. The way we interact and collaborate online are key to building sustainable projects. How accessible are Wikimedia projects to newcomers today? Are we helping each other learn?
Share your views on this matter that affects us all!
We invite everyone to take part in this learning campaign. Wikimedia Foundation will distribute one Wikimania Scholarship 2016 among those participants who are eligible.
Happy editing!

MediaWiki message delivery (सम्भाषणम्) २३:४२, ३१ जुलाई २०१५ (UTC)
Hi,
The Community Engagement department at the Wikimedia Foundation has launched a new learning campaign. The WMF wants to record community impressions about what makes a healthy online community. Share your views and/or create a drawing and take a chance to win a Wikimania 2016 scholarship! Join the WMF as we begin a conversation about Community Health. Contribute a drawing or answer the questions on the campaign's page.
The world is changing. The way we relate to knowledge is transforming. As the next billion people come online, the Wikimedia movement is working to bring more users on the wiki projects. The way we interact and collaborate online are key to building sustainable projects. How accessible are Wikimedia projects to newcomers today? Are we helping each other learn?
Share your views on this matter that affects us all!
We invite everyone to take part in this learning campaign. Wikimedia Foundation will distribute one Wikimania Scholarship 2016 among those participants who are eligible.
Happy editing!

MediaWiki message delivery (सम्भाषणम्) ०१:३१, १ अगस्त २०१५ (UTC)
My apologies for posting this message in English. Please help translate it if you can.
Hello,
The Wikimedia Foundation would like your feedback about how we can reimagine Wikimedia Foundation grants, to better support people and ideas in your Wikimedia project. Ways to participate:
Feedback is welcome in any language.
With thanks,
I JethroBT (WMF), Community Resources, Wikimedia Foundation.
(Opt-out Instructions) This message was sent by I JethroBT (WMF) through MediaWiki message delivery. २३:०९, १८ अगस्त २०१५ (UTC)
Hi all,
We are excited to introduce a new Wikimedia Public Policy site. The site includes resources and position statements on access, copyright, censorship, intermediary liability, and privacy. The site explains how good public policy supports the Wikimedia projects, editors, and mission.
Visit the public policy portal: https://policy.wikimedia.org/
Please help translate the statements on Meta Wiki. You can read more on the Wikimedia blog.
Thanks,
Yana and Stephen (Talk) १८:१२, २ सितम्बर २०१५ (UTC)
(Sent with the Global message delivery system)
My apologies for posting this message in English. Please help translate it if you can.
Greetings! The Individual Engagement Grants program is accepting proposals until September 29th to fund new tools, community-building processes, and other experimental ideas that enhance the work of Wikimedia volunteers. Whether you need a small or large amount of funds (up to $30,000 USD), Individual Engagement Grants can support you and your team’s project development time in addition to project expenses such as materials, travel, and rental space.
Thanks,
I JethroBT (WMF), Community Resources, Wikimedia Foundation. २०:५२, ४ सितम्बर २०१५ (UTC)
(Opt-out Instructions) This message was sent by I JethroBT (WMF) (talk) through MediaWiki message delivery.
(Apologies for using English below, please help translate if you are able.)
There is still one week left to submit Individual Engagement Grant (IEG) proposals before the September 29th deadline. If you have ideas for new tools, community-building processes, and other experimental projects that enhance the work of Wikimedia volunteers, start your proposal today! Please encourage others who have great ideas to apply as well. Support is available if you want help turning your idea into a grant request.
I JethroBT (WMF), Community Resources २१:०१, २२ सितम्बर २०१५ (UTC)
(My apologies for using English here, please help translate if you are able.)
Last month, we asked for community feedback on a proposal to change the structure of WMF grant programs. Thanks to the 200+ people who participated! A report on what we learned and changed based on this consultation is now available.
Come read about the findings and next steps as WMF’s Community Resources team begins to implement changes based on your feedback. Your questions and comments are welcome on the outcomes discussion page.
With thanks, I JethroBT (WMF) १६:५६, २८ सितम्बर २०१५ (UTC)
Hi everyone! Apologies for posting in English. Translations are very welcome.
The Community Tech team at the Wikimedia Foundation is focused on building improved curation and moderation tools for experienced Wikimedia contributors. We're now starting a Community Wishlist Survey to find the most useful projects that we can work on.
For phase 1 of the survey, we're inviting all active contributors to submit brief proposals, explaining the project that you'd like us to work on, and why it's important. Phase 1 will last for 2 weeks. In phase 2, we'll ask you to vote on the proposals. Afterwards, we'll analyze the top 10 proposals and create a prioritized wishlist.
While most of this process will be conducted in English, we're inviting people from any Wikimedia wiki to submit proposals. We'll also invite volunteer translators to help translate proposals into English.
Your proposal should include: the problem that you want to solve, who would benefit, and a proposed solution, if you have one. You can submit your proposal on the Community Wishlist Survey page, using the entry field and the big blue button. We will be accepting proposals for 2 weeks, ending on November 23.
We're looking forward to hearing your ideas!
Hello! Wikimania 2016 scholarships will soon be open; by the end of the week we'll form the committee and we need your help, see Scholarship committee for details.
If you want to carefully review nearly a thousand applications in January, you might be a perfect committee member. Otherwise, you can volunteer as "ambassador": you will observe all the committee activities, ensure that people from your language or project manage to apply for a scholarship, translate scholarship applications written in your language to English and so on. Ambassadors are allowed to ask for a scholarship, unlike committee members.
Wikimania 2016 scholarships subteam १०:४७, १० नवम्बर २०१५ (UTC)
Please help translate to your language
The Community Advocacy team the Wikimedia Foundation has opened a consultation on the topic of harassment on Meta. The consultation period is intended to run for one month from today, November 16, and end on December 17. Please share your thoughts there on harassment-related issues facing our communities and potential solutions. (Note: this consultation is not intended to evaluate specific cases of harassment, but rather to discuss the problem of harassment itself.)
This is a message regarding the proposed 2015 Free Bassel banner. Translations are available.
Hi everyone,
This is to inform all Wikimedia contributors that a straw poll seeking your involvement has just been started on Meta-Wiki.
As some of your might be aware, a small group of Wikimedia volunteers have proposed a banner campaign informing Wikipedia readers about the urgent situation of our fellow Wikipedian, open source software developer and Creative Commons activist, Bassel Khartabil. An exemplary banner and an explanatory page have now been prepared, and translated into about half a dozen languages by volunteer translators.
We are seeking your involvement to decide if the global Wikimedia community approves starting a banner campaign asking Wikipedia readers to call on the Syrian government to release Bassel from prison. We understand that a campaign like this would be unprecedented in Wikipedia's history, which is why we're seeking the widest possible consensus among the community.
Given Bassel's urgent situation and the resulting tight schedule, we ask everyone to get involved with the poll and the discussion to the widest possible extent, and to promote it among your communities as soon as possible.
(Apologies for writing in English; please kindly translate this message into your own language.)
Thank you for your participation!
Posted by the MediaWiki message delivery 21:47, 25 November 2015 (UTC) • Translate • Get help
Hi everyone! Apologies for posting this in English. Translations are very welcome.
We're beginning the second part of the Community Tech team's Community Wishlist Survey, and we're inviting all active contributors to vote on the proposals that have been submitted.
Thanks to you and other Wikimedia contributors, 111 proposals were submitted to the team. We've split the proposals into categories, and now it's time to vote! You can vote for any proposal listed on the pages, using the {{Support}} tag. Feel free to add comments pro or con, but only support votes will be counted. The voting period will be 2 weeks, ending on December 14.
The proposals with the most support votes will be the team's top priority backlog to investigate and address. Thank you for participating, and we're looking forward to hearing what you think!
Community Tech via
MediaWiki message delivery (सम्भाषणम्) १४:३८, १ दिसम्बर २०१५ (UTC)
This is a message from the Wikimedia Foundation. Translations are available.
As many of you know, January 15 is Wikipedia’s 15th Birthday!
People around the world are getting involved in the celebration and have started adding their events on Meta Page. While we are celebrating Wikipedia's birthday, we hope that all projects and affiliates will be able to utilize this celebration to raise awareness of our community's efforts.
Haven’t started planning? Don’t worry, there’s lots of ways to get involved. Here are some ideas:
Everything is linked on the Wikipedia 15 Meta page. You’ll find a set of ten data visualization works that you can show at your events, and a list of all the Wikipedia 15 logos that community members have already designed.
If you have any questions, please contact Zachary McCune or Joe Sutherland.
Thanks and Happy nearly Wikipedia 15!
-The Wikimedia Foundation Communications team
Posted by the MediaWiki message delivery, २०:५८, १८ दिसम्बर २०१५ (UTC) • Please help translate to your language • साहाय्यम्
A reminder - applications for scholarships for Wikimania 2016 in Esino Lario, Italy, are closing soon! Please get your applications in by January 9th. To apply, visit the page below:
Patrick Earley (WMF) via MediaWiki message delivery (सम्भाषणम्) ०१:५०, ५ जनवरी २०१६ (UTC)
Hello, all.
The Wikimedia Foundation (WMF) has launched a consultation to help create and prioritize WMF strategy beginning July 2016 and for the 12 to 24 months thereafter. This consultation will be open, on Meta, from 18 January to 26 February, after which the Foundation will also use these ideas to help inform its Annual Plan. (More on our timeline can be found on that Meta page.)
Your input is welcome (and greatly desired) at the Meta discussion, 2016 Strategy/Community consultation.
Apologies for English, where this is posted on a non-English project. We thought it was more important to get the consultation translated as much as possible, and good headway has been made there in some languages. There is still much to do, however! We created m:2016 Strategy/Translations to try to help coordinate what needs translation and what progress is being made. :)
If you have questions, please reach out to me on my talk page or on the strategy consultation's talk page or by email to mdennis@wikimedia.org.
I hope you'll join us! Maggie Dennis via MediaWiki message delivery (सम्भाषणम्) १९:०६, १८ जनवरी २०१६ (UTC)
purpose: Upload OCR text to wikisource pages, before they are proof-read by volunteers of this project.
Function details:
अत्र यन्त्रोपाधिप्रार्थना कृता।
विकिमित्राणि, विकिस्रोतसि अस्य कार्यस्य आवश्यकता अस्माभिः सर्वैः सुष्ठु अवगम्यते एव । विषयेऽस्मिन् स्वीयः अभिप्रायः अत्र सूच्यतामिति निवेद्यते । -शुभा (सम्भाषणम्) १४:१९, १० मार्च २०१६ (UTC)
मान्याः, ध्रुवमहमुपकृतोऽस्मि। अन्ततो गत्वा लब्धेयम् यन्त्रोपाधिः। Vishvas vasuki (सम्भाषणम्) १०:५४, १७ मार्च २०१६ (UTC)
मान्याः, आङ्ग्लिकविकिस्रोतसि वर्तमाना नैके विकल्पा नात्र विद्यन्ते, यथा भिन्नभिन्नसञ्चिकारूपेणावरोपणाय (अस्य पृष्ठस्य अस्मिन् चित्रे वामपार्श्वे यथा दृश्यते )। अनेन संस्कृतपाठकानम् असौकर्यम्। epub, mobi इत्यादीनि सञ्चिकारूपाणि बहु सुखप्रदानि pdf-इत्यस्यापेक्षया। तत्कथं परिहारणीयमिति चिन्त्यताम्। अत्राऽपि पृष्टम्। Vishvas vasuki (सम्भाषणम्) ०१:३४, १५ मार्च २०१६ (UTC)
संस्कृतविकिस्रोतःप्रकल्पः बहुभिः अपेक्ष्यमाणः अन्तर्जालाधारितश्च ग्रन्थालयः। संस्कृतसाहित्यमन्दाकिनी विकिस्रोतसि प्रवाहनीया इत्यतः सर्वैः सम्पादकैः भगीरथप्रयासः करणीयः। विकिस्रोतसः व्यवस्था, अत्रत्या साध्यता च यदि सुष्ठु अवगम्येत तर्हि अल्पेनैव कालेन अधिकं साधयितुं शक्नुयाम । एतदर्थं संस्कृतविकिस्रोतसि अद्यत्वे ये कार्यरताः सन्ति, ये च कार्यरताः भवितुमिच्छन्ति तेभ्यः दिनद्वयात्मिका काचित् कार्यशाला आयोजयिष्यते बेङ्गलूरुनगरस्थेन संस्कृतविकिगणेन । कार्यशाला एप्रिल्-मासस्य ९, १० दिनाङ्कयोः बेङ्गलूरुनगरे भविष्यति । कार्यशालायाः अस्याः उद्देशः - सदस्यानां सम्पादनकौशलवर्धनम् । आसक्ताः सर्वे अस्य अवसरस्य प्रयोजनं स्वीकुर्वन्तु इति प्रार्थ्यते ।
It is well known that Wikisource is a grand project created as an online Library and keenly desired by all. To make the great Sanskrit Literature continuously flow into this project, keen efforts are to be made by the editors. Mainly, the editors should clearly understand the nature and arrangement of Wikisource project, and how to make richer, Once the editors are confident about the processes involved, then it would be possible to make considerable progress within a short time. As a first step, the existing editors and those who want to become editors, are to be trained. What better way could there be, than a hands on training in Wiki source ? It is therefore proposed to organize a two-day workshop, on April 9th and 10th in Bangalore. The core aim of this workshop would be to enhance the editing skills of the participants. A warm welcome awaits you on 9th and 10th April. Please join. Free Arrangements for staying and for food, would be made by the organizers.
--Sayant Mahato (सम्भाषणम्) १५:३१, १८ मार्च २०१६ (UTC)
कार्यशालायाः अस्याः आयोजनार्थं सि ऐ एस् (The Centre for Internet and Society, CIS) संस्थातः आर्थिकसाहाय्यं प्राप्तुम् अत्र निवेदनं कृतमस्ति । तत्र भवन्तः स्वीयं समर्थनं हस्ताक्षरपूर्वकं कुर्वन्तु इति प्रार्थये । - शुभा (सम्भाषणम्) १३:३३, ५ अप्रैल २०१६ (UTC)
Please help translate to your language:
Greetings! The Individual Engagement Grants (IEG) program is accepting proposals until April 12th to fund new tools, research, outreach efforts, and other experiments that enhance the work of Wikimedia volunteers. Whether you need a small or large amount of funds (up to $30,000 USD), IEGs can support you and your team’s project development time in addition to project expenses such as materials, travel, and rental space.
With thanks, I JethroBT (WMF) १६:४७, ३१ मार्च २०१६ (UTC)
Hi, Please delete:
